doc: format the DataStats model [TCTC-1417] (#546)
ToucanToco/toucan-connectors: doc/DataSlice.md

    * `total_rows` (`int`): total rows returned by a user query.
    * `total_returned_rows` (`int`): total of rows returned in a slice of results.
    * `query_generation_time` (`float`): in seconds, the time to modify/create a query to get just the slice and start the process to request external data.
    * `data_extraction_time` (`float`): in seconds, the time to request the result of the modified query from external service. 
    * `data_conversion_time` (`float`): in seconds, the time to convert results in a `pandas.DataFrame`.

>     * `permission_application_time` (`float`): in seconds, the time to filter datas with permissions.

Reviewer: In the http data service, it's called `data_filtered_from_permission_time`. Which one do you want to keep? (the important thing is that it's the same everywhere).

Reviewer 2: @Sanix-Darker If you prefer, you can revert my proposal.

Author: 👍🏾

>     * `stats_computed_time` (`float`): in seconds, the time to compute statistics and return data as result.

Reviewer: In the model, it's called `compute_stats_time` https://github.com/ToucanToco/toucan-connectors/pull/546/files#diff-5feb095e781094a6657a509f814113ef04d1ecfefd4209765d89394564f57737R37
Which one do you want to keep?

(It's also `stats_computed_time` in the data service so I recommend keeping this one)

Author: 👍🏾

    * `total_rows` (`int`): total rows returned by a user query.
    * `total_returned_rows` (`int`): total of rows returned in a slice of results.
    * `query_generation_time` (`float`): in seconds, the time to modify/create a query to get just the slice and start the process to request external data.
    * `data_extraction_time` (`float`): in seconds, the time to request the result of the modified query from external service. 
    * `data_conversion_time` (`float`): in seconds, the time to convert results in a `pandas.DataFrame`.

>     * `data_filtered_from_permission_time` (`float`): in seconds, the time to filter datas with permissions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * `permission_application_time` (`float`): in seconds, the time to filter data with permissions.
```

    * `stats_computed_time` (`float`): in seconds, the time to compute statistics and return data as result.
    * `df_memory_size` (`int`): size of extracted data in bytes.

> ## DataSlice attributes computation in Snowflake connector

Reviewer 2: Est-ce qu'on ne doit pas enlever la mention à Snowflake ici ?

Author: Logiquement oui, je penses, je viens d'update !

    * `total_rows` (`int`): total rows returned by a user query.
    * `total_returned_rows` (`int`): total of rows returned in a slice of results.

>     * `execution_time` (`float`): in milliseconds, query execution time.

Reviewer: Maybe we should define what a query is in this context? It's important to know what this duration will mean

    execution_end = timer()
    ```

    * `extraction_time`

    ```
    extract_start = timer()
    ....
    values = pd.DataFrame.from_dict(query_res.fetch*())
    ....
    extract_end = timer()
    ```

> 

Reviewer: Instead of having psuedo code related to snowflake, maybe we could have a quick diagram to present the steps and their measure? Or just a list like:
```
Steps what happens in get_slice:
- A: modify query to get just the slice
- B: request the result of the modified query to the external service 
- C: turn them into a DataFrame
- D: filter them with permissions
- E: compute statistics and return

`execution time`: start of A -> end of D
`extraction time`: start of B -> end of B
`conversion time`: start of C -> end of C
```

What do you think of this way of explaining?

Reviewer: Listing all the steps involved will also help structuring the timings we need to measure, and how to name them :)
